* Intensification of the diabolical rituals alien *
Welcome back to the best LWAIY review program
I have already mentioned this chair, I know that some of you have seen it before but
You know rundown Italian leather well designed I?
But I did not really show like the bottom of it as if you were showing it.
Satanic laugh (I held you)
If you got it, you should leave such a video right now, guys if you're new here
We like to have fun on this channel. We just laugh that it is not something dangerous, so there is no reason for distress.
We just have a good time for everyone. This is the spirit of LWAIY
They have fun and love life, and that's great
Is this a bad thing?
My mother does not play it as a quit
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
If I were my mother, I would send that boy directly to rehabilitation
Rehab is what I'm trying to say, 'Cause there's no way
My son's flesh and blood will choose my favorite Natsuki girl, disgusting
From a hot dog seller to a chair vendor. Not grateful for my trip here on this men channel?
Not only the growth of my channel, but also personal growth also. It is fun to look at sometimes
How things were better - I mean worse.
"When you see the Pewds mouse pad".
"He is also a great king.
* A creepy pause *
That's right, many people have called me
"Oh pEwDs, I BE uR moUSePaD Is NOT RLLy ThAt B1G"
Oh really? Oh really? So what is this? (See you again)
* Laughing *
Comrades, we love the fun on this channel, everything revolves around a wonderful time and just, having fun.
everything
"Predicted it"
"We're all going" Oh no .. no
Oh. * Small blow *
Sumy should say "Hawking-sama", you should say Sumi ..
"He has no legs, Everest climbs, what is your excuse?"
"His legs will not hurt, mine will."
* Thinking braincells *
Yeah
"Brad # 1.what is this? Betrayal !!"
* Moments
No
This is Italy leather, that is some ..
Slovak Slovak Shekels - * Error *
"Brad does not charge enough by PewDiePie so he can not buy a chair!" This is true, this is true does not matter
Yes that's right
So it must settle on uh .. and cl-, layer under, rather than get
"ferrari hegotta nisawn" (real car btw)
Laugh
From 2012 to 2018, it took me 6 years to develop beard cubes
Koz Poopie is the god of swistian Viking, and that is why his beard grows so effortlessly.
Yes, yes this was definitely comp
* Burping * This was not a psychological challenge given the daily thinking in the mirror, "Why is there a dead cat on my face?"
* Humming * asked a lot of people -
Uh like what this thing in the glasses reflection and there you go.
Flat eartheners need to be awakening f ** k up.
Because the earth is donut. And donuts in my office.
My God,
Oh my God ... * humming *
Do not worry, we just have a good time here, we just have a good laugh.
"In any circumstances you have to hit a woman."
"Gracefully Lee Kenny".
"No."
"I am proud of you, my son."
respekt wahmen.
"Fort Deep" What is this video, my God,
* Hot Conversations 4 Boys *
آهههههه * يضحك *
"Look what I have here in my hand
I bet you're a jealous fan "
"Well guess what,"
Pewds: No!
"I got two of them, BIT **" (coins)
* Laugh *
The leak was better.
"AHHHHHHHH" * Laughs *
* * Shamma
Five minus siix?
* Deepest, Satanic Voice * DAHHHHHHHHHHHHR
After all I did .. after all that I did for you.
* Anger *
You will pay for this ..
"You are gay mom",
"There is no"
"Ur dad lesbian"
"Ur Granny Transistor"
"Sister sister ur" (so you read bro?)
"Brother's brother's brother"
"Science has gone so far"
No, I think this - this is far enough.
Is it right?
A way to put it.
"I published this two days ago
I got a bunch of endorsements but they did not get LWAIY so I reposted that "
Okay. "Come on, we must rise"
"Baby baby baby baby" (no alerts for handsome man?)
* Women laugh *
"Keep thinking about this story."
"There is this video."
"This will kill you seven days after watching it"
"The second is finished, the phone rings, and this boy says"
"FIFTY MILLION LIKES * abusing recorder *
"We opened the door."
"Now no one is safe"
* Passengers screaming *
* Laughing pewds *
The man's wardrobe.
* Clap *
Okay really okay amazing, I'm sorry I did not see him earlier.
"Very good to be in LWIAY" wow.
We are now answer ...
Central mimes, middle man of mimes, everyone. Second page ..
"These points differences are getting harder"
"When you are adopted by a gay couple and someone will say that your brother is like you"
* Laugh *
Jad Damn ..
"Difficult to swallow grains" - "Pewdiepie editors more entertaining than it is"
Oh really? When we do not see them make a great joke then.
That's right, and this is true of my tried-and-true perspective.
What the hell is this?
* Screams *
* "AHHHHHH" *
** Laugh **
What just happened?
Did he throw out a cupboard that looked like something?
Great. * Laugh *
"When Pewds gives 0-0 M but you think it's very wet and realize you're a nature lover"
I mean...
You are all natural things "This is all Normi"
"85% of the red color is Normie"
"90% of the Norms" - "Normi ​​Normi ​​says"
"I'm so cool, I'm falling down - if you think so, otherwise I'm Normi"
"XDD is Normie" - "gay is normie" - "ur mom normie"
I'm really proud you guys. "Yes, I am a vegetarian. Yeah. I eat meat. We exist "-" Yes I die. Yes I have a zero death "* laughs *
We are facing! - "Be a good editor"
Yes Well I do not know. - "Edit videos for the most common YouTube users" - "Mitigate concerns
Pewdiepie and Brad "* laughs *
What are you going to do? oo booo noone cares about me im-
* Laugh *
"YouTube 2016, all good and regular advertising profits"
"Youtube 2017, all videos and bad ad revenue are being built"
"YouTube 2018, your videos have become negative
To monetize, users get money from them "
"YouTube 2019, all revenue is
Distributed equally * Laughing small *
"Of all creators, users who break community guidelines are sent to gulag" * laugh *
"Imitate someone with a high pen" - "then shttttffffckkup"
Do you know how frustrating not to be able to swear? "Pewds carry video games
"It's only 4:25 pm" - we really went that far * Boarding table * farrr-
We moved from complaining that the videos are too long, so now complain that they are not 10 minutes.
Is this really what we are in this society, really? - "I'm black"
No, you're not funny. No you are not. I am the original. Yes me
Your MCM says, "But you can do this" but you say, "But can I do this for you?" - "I-
This may be deleted before it ends on Reddit and pewdiepie reacts with it and leaves me again "
Oh no. No, why I was harassing you, this was a great joke. Everyone gives him a round of applause.
"Fans have long loved the game of your vid used for game design, so I thought I would make one of you." - this is wonderul!
What?
are you kidding me?
Those beautiful beard * laugh *. "The three pain levels are painful and very painful
No Mimi Bonus, "- real suffering for all of them ... maybe next week of men.
"Upvote to be a reaction Pewdiepie for Pewdiepie responded to the reaction Pewdiepie to video Pewdiepie" (creative)
Stop .. All right stop.
That's all I'll say "I've successfully solved the pocalypse of the ad and made the video for 5 minutes -
Slowing the speed of half the video so that it becomes 10 minutes, and uploading it, makes everyone watch the video twice twice on YouTube. "
Hmmm, I actually want to try this should I do it? Do it now, make sure this works well. Brad slows down
the video.
** So slower but faster for you if you select it twice at this time **
"When you hear a Japanese word and understand it without the need for translations"
I sent this to Marzia because it is very true. - "When you win the lottery and tell your girl" we won "
* High-tone and Irish voice * "Your twitter is now equivalent of a-
Mimi Facebook page wink "hey woww what a great burn ..
I really do not Tanner, this is obvious.
Obviously this is the case, Jack obviously you want to be your situation as well, stop crying
OHH MAH GODD
I wish my setup looks good, damn look tight.
Boomcake! * Clap *
Million points, you will get one million coins. enjoying it. - "When Felix did not reach ten minutes"
Well, leave it like you enjoyed this video and remember it. Can you do this? * Sad break in the chair *
GOTCHA